[Docs] Update model monitoring docs (#6213)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/concepts/model-monitoring.md

to your IT via email and Slack when operational performance metrics pass a threshold. You can also set-up automated actions, for example,
call a CI/CD pipeline when data drift is detected and allow a data scientist to review the model with the revised data.

```
{admonition} Note

> Model monitoring is currently in Tech Preview status. Future releases will not support backwards compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model monitoring is currently in Tech Preview status. Migrating from 1.7.0 to later versions will not maintain backwards compatibility.
```
